Dad, I did it
Don't be embarrassed to celebrate
Don't bother you to eat and wait to die in my Qiao's house for three years
Get nowhere
My Qiao family has also done their best to you
Xu Aoyu invites you to take revenge
You can't involve my Qiao family either
This is because your Qiao family is kind to me
I can't just sit back and watch
Don't worry, as long as I'm here today
Dingbao Qiao's family has no medicine
Li Fan, you don't listen to good words, do you?
Get out of here right now
Otherwise I'll be rude to you.
If you destroy the elixir
Just kick me out of the house
Qinghe, you rebellious girl
Do you know what you're talking about?
Changqinghe, you are so bold
Authority offers the old man
Good idea.
My Qiao family is really smoking from the ancestral grave today
The ruins of the secret girl are all gathered
Okay, kick them both out for me.
Dad, this can't be done
Dad?
Lin Fan can be abolished
Just give Qinghe another chance, boss
What are you still doing?
Could it be that you are waiting for the Xu family to come to the criminal investigation?
Criminal law
press